Editorial tweak of applicability section (#32)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-maintenance: draft-iab-protocol-maintenance.md

protocol due to conditions on its implementation or deployment.

In particular, this guidance depends on an ability to update and deploy
implementations. Being able to rapidly update implementations that are deployed
to the Internet helps managing security risk but in reality some software

> deplyments have lifecycles that make software updates either rare or altogether

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployments have life-cycles that make software updates either rare or altogether
```
